now you might think huh boons all look
much for muchness but not only do they
have distinctive features their body
language is full of meaning so we
formulated a cunning plan to get really
close to their lovable mugs yes we're
gonna put the camera right in there with
them this is where I think that poor
brave cameraman they might try she's
camera it's always that possibility
Oh New Guinea we're getting a reaction
we then realize that the kids are
catching sight of their reflections and
this is probably their first ever
encounter with a two-dimensional image
themselves which would explain why this
wee fella is trying to find the rest is
blurry body and it doesn't take long
before the big boys start moving in to
see what's causing all the excitement
[Music]
successful is exactly its kind of
curiosity and if you just love to
investigate if I we're gonna have to
keep these tabs on the little arcade
they just fascinated your not only by
their reflections by just all everything
that you've got
[Music]
baboons have a huge facial vocabulary 15
ears back is a sign of nervous tension
but this big boys curiosity is getting
the better of him head bobbing like this
says you're looking for trouble
this guy really can't get enough of his
own reflection social animals that live
in close contact like the Boone's or
even humans have evolved a whole range
of subtle facial expressions as a quick
shorthand way of communicating
[Music]
go to any parven a Saturday night and
you'll probably see the equivalent of
some of these expressions come on then
yeah
unions are me did you want a movie Oh
brave little soul but big boy looks more
like a lover than a fighter getting
rather exciting for his reflection 30
slightly narcissistic
[Music]
some of the parents are not keen on
their kids view toys own spoil sports